The End
Hello, Hatsan.
How are you?
It's been a while.
Have a seat.
Thank you for coming.
Come and visit us.
It's called Aien Kien.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm not feeling well.
You're strange.
Have a good rest.
Thank you.
Let's have a drink.
You don't have to drink.
Thank you.
I like Socha.
What?
You're a Socha.
Socha is rude.
Socha is a word that means something.
So it means something.
What are you talking about?
It's a simple tea.
So it's Socha.
I see.
You've learned a lot.
So it's a simple tea.
This is a softon.
What's softon?
Softon.
A softon.
I'll put a softon on a softon.
You have a bald head.
I don't have a bald head.
You like paintings.
I see.
Every time I come, I see a different painting.
There are many war paintings.
I like history.
History is what the press likes.
No, it's not.
I'm a good painter.
You're a good painter.
What is Honda?
It is a Shiten-no of Tokugawa-gata.
Sakai, Sakakibara, Ii, Honda.
In the old days, all the chiefs had a Shiten-no.
Anyone can say that Yoshitsune's Shiten-no is Kamei, Kataoka, Ise.
But Yoritomo's Shiten-no is Sasaki, Kajiwara, Chiba, and Miura.
I see.
Hijimi, Hamaguri, Baka, Hashira.
What is this?
This is Kairui's Shiten-no.
Kappa, Kara, Kasami, Ashida.
What about Amefuri-do?
Shibuya, Asakusa, Shiba, Ueno.
They are all Shiten-no of the park.
Don't just think about Shiten-no.
What about this picture?
Which one?
The one with the cherry blossoms.
The one who is shaking in a night dress.
That's strange.
It's a poor man's Saburo.
Is he poor and cold?
That's why he's in a night dress.
No, he's a man named Kojima Takanori.
Oh, it's Kojima.
Do you know who Kojima is?
He's a kind man.
A kind man?
Yes, he's next to me.
He's a teacher at school.
What are you talking about?
He's a samurai of the Kinno-omuni.
A samurai who was eaten by a goldfish?
No, he's a samurai of the Chugi.
What are you talking about?
He shaved the skin of the cherry blossoms.
He wanted to sell the Tsumagaya.
He wrote a poem about it.
What are you talking about?
He's a man who is in a night dress.
Oh, it's a military problem.
What?
He's a man who is in a night dress.
What are you talking about?